docs for exact search param (#24)
qdrant/docs: qdrant/v0.11.0.x/search.md

Currently, it could be:

* `hnsw_ef` - value that specifies `ef` parameter of the HNSW algorithm.

> * `exact` - option that disables approximating. If set to true, search may run long but with exact results.

Reviewer: Maybe we could give more details here.

```suggestion
* `exact` - option to not use the approximate search (ANN). If set to true, the search may run for a long as it performs a full scan to retrieve exact results.
```

Author: Thanks! Commited
